[Music]
you
we'll rodman a scientist at the san
francisco biotech company jens's is
testing the viral base drug alz-112 on
chimpanzees to find a cure for
Alzheimer's disease Al's at 112 is given
to a chimp named bright eyes greatly
increasing her intelligence however
during wills presentation for the drug
bright eyes is forced from her cage goes
on a rampage and is killed
Will's boss Steven Jacobs terminates the
project and has the chimps euthanized
however wills assistant Robert Franklin
discovers that the reason for bright
eise's rampage was that she had recently
given birth to an infant chimp will
agrees to take in the chimp who is named
Caesar will learns that Caesar has
inherited his mother's intelligence and
decides to raise him three years later
will introduce his Caesar to the redwood
forest and more was National Monument
meanwhile we'll treat his dementia
suffering father Charles with alz-112
which seems to restore his cognitive
ability five years later when Caesar
reaches adolescence and sees a dog on a
leash like his own he questions his
identity and learns of his origins from
will meanwhile Charles condition returns
as he becomes resistant to ales at 112
Cesar injures a neighbor while defending
and Confused Charles as a result he is
placed in a primate shelter where he is
treated cruelly by the other chimps and
the chief guard dodged Landon Cesar
learns how to unlock his cage gaining
free access to the common area with the
assistance of a gorilla named buck he
confronts the sanctuaries alpha chimp
named Rockets and claims opposition
meanwhile Jacobs clears development of a
more powerful gaseous version of the
drug ales at 1:13 when will tells him it
can also improve intelligence will takes
the drug home to try to save his father
the Charles declines further treatment
and dies overnight after attempting to
test the drug on a scarred bonobo test
subject named Koba Franklin becomes
exposed to ales at 113 and becomes ill
attempting to warn will at his home he
sees his blood onto their neighbor
Franklin is later found dead will
attempts to reclaim Caesar but the chimp
refuses to go home with him instead he
escapes from the facility and returns to
Will's house where he takes canisters of
the alz D 113 upon returning
Cesar releases the gas and allows it to
enhance the intelligence of the other
Apes when dodge attempts to get him back
into his cage
Cesar speaks for the first time yelling
and then unintentionally electrocuting
him to death the Apes flee the facility
released the remaining chimps from
Genesis and free more apes from the San
Francisco Zoo a battle ensues as the ape
army fights their way past a police
blockade on the Golden Gate Bridge to
escape into the redwood forest buck
sacrifices himself to save Cesar by
jumping into the helicopter in which
Jacobs is riding the helicopter crashes
onto the bridge trapping Jacobs in the
wreckage Jacobs is then killed by Koba
as the Apes find their way into the
forest will arrives and warn Cesar that
the humans will hunt them down and begs
him to return home in response Cesar
hugs him and says that Oh will realizing
that this is indeed their last goodbye
respect Cesar's wishes the Apes embrace
their new lifestyle in the forest in a
mid-credits scene Will's neighbor who is
now infected from Franklin and sneezing
blood on him is shown leaving for work
as an airline pilot
arriving at San Francisco International
Airport for his flight to Paris his nose
begins to drip blood onto the floor a
graphic traces the spread of the
humanity ravaging virus around the globe
via international flight routes
[Music]
you